How does one,
just in the middle of doing all the things you do decide to just make flame
thrower, or do you have the time for that?
Well, we didn't put a lot of time into the flame thrower.
This was an off the cuff thing.
So I have sort of a hobby company called the boring company,
which started out as a joke.
And we decided to make a reel and dig a tunnel under LA.
And then we have a merchandise section that only has one piece of merchandise at
a time.
And we started off with a cap and then I'm big fan of Spaceballs, the movie.
And in Spaceballs,
yogurt goes through the merchandising section and they have a flame thrower
and the merchandising section and like the kids love that one. That's the line.
When he pulls up the claim, I was like, we should do a flame thrower.
Anybody tell you, you know, does anybody go Elan? Um,
maybe for yourself, but selling a flame thrower, the liabilities,
all the people you're selling this device to what kind of unhinged people are
going to be buying a flame thrower in the first place.
Do we really want to connect ourselves to all these potential arsonists?
Yeah. It's a terrible idea. Terrible one by one. I don't, I said,
don't buy this flame thrower don't to buy it. Don't buy it.
That's what I said a bit. Still people bought it.
There's nothing I can do to stop them. It's stop them. I said, don't buy it.
It's a bad idea. How many did you make your w it's dangerous.
It's got it's wrong. Don't buy it. And still people bought it.
I just couldn't stop them.
How many did you make?
20,000.
And they're all gone.
But it sold out in four days.
Are you going to do a, another run? No, no, that's it. Yes.
We did 50,000 hats and, um, that was a million dollars and he's like, okay,
well we'll sell something for 10 million.
And that was 20,000 flame throwers at $500 each.
They went fast. Boom.
Thank you. Thanks for doing this man. Really appreciate it. Hey, welcome.
Thanks for not lighting this place on fire. You're welcome.